Add airrflow docs and fix scrnaseq (#62)
qbic-pipelines/pipeline-docs: docs/markdown/pipelines/airrflow.md

# BCRseq / TCRseq analysis

To perform bulk amplicon BCRseq / TCRseq data analysis you can use the [nf-core/airrflow](https://nf-co.re/airrflow) pipeline.

> To perform single-cell BCRseq / TCRseq data analysis with data generated with the 10x genomics chromium (e.g. immune profiling libraries orr similar), you will have to run the [nf-core/scrnaseq](https://nf-co.re/scrnaseq) pipeline first running the `cellranger-multi` subworkflow. Afterwards, you can use the [nf-core/airrflow](nf-co.re/airrflow) pipeline departing from the AIRR format tables provided as output by `cellranger multi` to perform downstream analysis.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To perform single-cell BCRseq / TCRseq data analysis with data generated with the 10x genomics chromium (e.g. immune profiling libraries or similar), you will have to run the [nf-core/scrnaseq](https://nf-co.re/scrnaseq) pipeline first running the `cellranger-multi` subworkflow. Afterwards, you can use the [nf-core/airrflow](nf-co.re/airrflow) pipeline departing from the AIRR format tables provided as output by `cellranger multi` to perform downstream analysis.
```

> To perform single-cell BCRseq / TCRseq data analysis with data generated with the 10x genomics chromium (e.g. immune profiling libraries orr similar), you will have to run the [nf-core/scrnaseq](https://nf-co.re/scrnaseq) pipeline first running the `cellranger-multi` subworkflow. Afterwards, you can use the [nf-core/airrflow](nf-co.re/airrflow) pipeline departing from the AIRR format tables provided as output by `cellranger multi` to perform downstream analysis.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To perform single-cell BCRseq / TCRseq data analysis with data generated with the 10x genomics chromium (e.g. immune profiling libraries or similar), you will have to run the [nf-core/scrnaseq](https://nf-co.re/scrnaseq) pipeline first with the `cellranger-multi` subworkflow. Afterwards, you can use the [nf-core/airrflow](nf-co.re/airrflow) pipeline departing from the AIRR format tables provided as output by `cellranger multi` to perform downstream analysis.
```
